The next thing we wanna take a look at
in our medium design is our reviews and
images section of the webpage and
to remind you what this
is going to look like.
This is the reviews and
images section of our webpage.
Sometimes it's useful just to pull this
out of what you're working on and put it
in a separate code pen so you can just
focus on one part of your page at a time,
so we're just gonna focus on
this part of the web page.
And as you can see here in this slide,
the very top is the way that our
mobile reviews are going to look.
In other words,
we're gonna have four reviews, no images.
When we go to our tablet, we've still got
four reviews, but we're gonna have images
in the middle, and we have the border
that goes around the whole thing.
And then when we go to Desktop, this
will be a column in our desktop design.
So we're gonna stack things
on top of each other,
stack the review, stack the images,
and so forth on top of each other.
So as we get started with
this section of the webpage,
my first question to you is this.
What order should we have our HTML
to satisfy all of these layouts?
Does anybody have an idea what order?
And you can just sort of generally talk
like review image, that kind of thing,
we don't need to worry about
the details of the HTML.
May, you have an idea?
Yeah.
>> Review image,
review image, review image.
>> Yeah, so we're just gonna alternate
starting with the review and
going to the image, so
we're actually looking at the desktop
as our HTML ordering here, right?
Because that's that simple
flow from top to bottom, and
we'll modify that for
mobile and for tablet, okay?
Does that make sense?
Okay, cool.
So, if you fork your CodePen and
open that up in CodePen,
you'll see here,
this is what we have to start with.
So, we start with a review, that's
the review that's inside of the figure.
We mark that up in our Easy Design,
that markup hasn't changed.
Then we have an image
that comes after that.
You'll notice that the image
is inside of a div already,
that div has a class of featured- image
because these are featured images,
I don't know,
that's what I decided to call it.
Remember that div is there just
to make those images flexible.
And we alternate these, so
then we have another quote here,
we have another picture,
we have another quote,
we have another picture, and then we
have our last quote here on the page.
So we are going to give our aside, which
we've wrapped around this whole thing,
what is the purpose of the aside element,
by the way?
Does anybody know what the purpose
of the aside element is?
Why did I pick that?
>> So an aside is secondary
content to your main content, so
without the main content there, the aside
wouldn't necessarily make sense, so
it's in support of whatever is
the main content on the page.
>> Exactly, so
it's in support of the main content.
So our main content is those tour
dates and this is people saying, hey,
you should go on the tour because
it's totally awesome, right?
This is that convincing material.
Okay, so that's why we chose the side.
Let's give it a class of reviews,
because we're
gonna need a class in
order to get this going.
All right, so let's get into the CSS now.
I'm gonna pulling up our CSS here,
we have our reviews layer right
here inside of our CodePen.
Remember, you can collapse these layers
to find the reviews quickly and easily.
And if you take a look here,
[COUGH] we copied this from our previous
work here on the easy design,
that's what that comment there says.
We've already styled the block quote,
and the site, and the figure,
that's all in our base layer, so
I'm just gonna pull that comment out.
And we have a class here for image group.
That was something that we
used in our easy design
where we had groups each
image with a review,
we don't have that class anymore, so
we can just get rid of that style as well.
We'll still wanna keep that star style
to keep our stars at a reasonable size.
So now that we've got that in place,
what do we need to do as a first
step to achieve our mobile design?
So for our mobile design,
remember this is what it looks like.
What is the first thing that we should do
in our CSS to achieve this mobile design,
anybody?
>> Remove the images.
Let's hide those images.
Yeah, okay.
So, if we take a look here in our HTML,
remember we have a div with
a class of featured-image.
So all we should do here
then is say .featured-image,
that's our class, and
we can say display: none.
And all those images go away.
Super simple.
Okay, then next we wanna
style this reviews container
such that we get our four quotes,
two on the top and
two on the bottom, remember,
just like we saw here.
So we need two on the top and
two on the bottom.
Does anyone have any suggestions about how
we might achieve that particular layout?
The grid.
>> Maybe CSS grid.
Let's try it, okay?
So if we go to our CodePen,
we can work right here with our reviews,
which is our parent.
Yeah, we have a parent, we have all these
children that come after it, so .reviews
Anybody have any suggestions what
should be my first step here?
What kind of styling do I need in order
to achieve that two on the top and
two on the bottom,
kind of centered on the page?
>> Start with center in it,
maybe margin 0.
>> We could start.
>> Yeah,
we could say margin: 0 auto, okay?
And why didn't not do anything?
>> Maybe because we haven't
set the maximum width.
>> Maybe because we
haven't set a width yet.
Remember we can always stick a border
on it, border one pixel solid white.
And notice that our border goes
all the way across the page.
So we did do the margin: 0 auto,
it's just occupying all the space,
there is no extra space
to make it centered.
So we need to always set a width
when we use our margin like this.
In this case,
we can set a max width of 500 pixels.
There we go.
And now we have the right width,
and it's centered for us as well.
What else should we do here?
>> Center the content.
We could center the content.
So text-align: center.
There it is, great.
What else?
>> Display a grid with two columns.
>> Yeah, display a grid.
>> And then grid-template-columns:
1fr 1fr.
Actually not bad, looks pretty good.
What are we missing?
>> A gap.
>> Maybe a gap, 2rem.
There, a little space in between them,
okay?
That looks pretty good.
I've also got here
justify-content: center.
I'm not sure that actually
does anything here,
cuz our text-align will do the same thing.
Okay, so once you got all that in place,
we can get rid of our
border here if you want.
The other thing I'm going to do while I'm
here, I'm gonna change my 0 auto to 2rem
auto, that'll give us a little bit of
space on the top and the bottom there,
so we're not shoved up against
the edge of our browser window,
it just looks a little prettier.
Cool, so we're all done with that.
That was pretty straightforward.
That is our mobile design.
That's our code for it, pretty similar.